CAP-51: update hostfns to be consistent with the host crate (#1239)
stellar/stellar-protocol: core/cap-0051.md

/// Given a key, return its value from an existing map. Trap if key not found.
func $map_get (param $obj_map i64) (param $key i64) (result i64)

/// Given a key, delete its value from an existing map. Trap if key not found.
func $map_del (param $obj_map i64) (param $key i64) (result i64)

/// Return length of an existing map.
func $map_len (param $obj_map i64) (result i64)

/// Check if a key exists in a map. Returns a static true/false value (Tag 2).
func $map_has (param $obj_map i64) (param $key i64) (result i64)

/// Given a key, find the first element less than itself in the map's sorted order. 
/// If such an element exists, return its key, otherwise return an SCStatus containing the error code (TBD).
func $map_prev_key (param $obj_map i64) (param $key i64) (result i64)

/// Given a key, find the first element greater than itself in the map's sorted order. 
/// If such an element exists, return its key, otherwise return an SCStatus containing the error code (TBD).
func $map_next_key (param $obj_map i64) (param $key i64) (result i64)

> /// Given a key, find the minimum element in the map. 

Reviewer: There is no key given as a parameter, might I suggest:
```suggestion
/// Map min key returns the minimum key in the map. 
```

Author: Ah [Facepalm], my bad. Updated.
